1.Legal Procedure:

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start analyzing your document for legal procedure.

Finally, you can see the legal procedure of your document in various steps. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



2.Case Research:
First step is to upload your document in any format, describe your requirements, and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly check if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept the credit deduction, our system will start processing your document for research.

Next, chat with our system about your case to get better results. You can skip the chat after answering five questions.

Our system will analyze your chat details and document.

Finally, you will see the complete research details of your document, which you can also download for future reference.




3.Case Analysis:

First step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly check if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept the credit deduction, our system will start processing your document for analysis.

Next, define your role in the case.

Our system will then process your document based on your role.

Finally, you will see the complete case analysis of your document, which you can also download for future reference.



4.Contract Analysis:

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start analyzing your document for contract analysis.

Finally, you will see the overall contract analysis and a clause-by-clause analysis. You can also download the analysis for future reference.


5.Document Rewriter:

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

Next, select the presets you want to use for the rewritten document.

After you accept the credit deduction, our system will start processing your document.

Finally, you will see the rewritten version of your document, which you can also download for future reference.



6.Agreement Writer:

First Step is to select the type of agreement from over 340 types.

After you accept credit deduction, You need to chat with our system and answer some questions about the agreement and you can skip after 5 questions.

Now our system will start generating your agreement.

Finally, you can see the generated agreement. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



7.Quick writer:

First Step is to describe your query.

After you accept credit deduction, You need to chat with our system and answer some questions about the document and you can skip after 5 questions.

Now our system will start generating your document.

Finally, you can see the quickly generated document. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



8.Document Simplifier:

First Step is to upload your document in any format, choose the language you want and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start simplifying your document.

Finally, you can see the simplified document. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



9.Document chat:

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept the credit deduction, our system will start processing your document.

Next, define your role in the case.

Upload reference files if you have them, or you can skip this step or generate reference files.

Our system will analyze the document based on the reference files and your role.

Then, our system will continue processing your document.

Finally, you can chat with the document and ask any questions related to it.


10.Cross Examination:

First step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly check if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept the credit deduction, our system will start processing your document.

Next, define your role in the case and upload the chief affidavit file.

Our system will then process your document based on your role and the chief affidavit.

Finally, you will see the cross-examination questions related to the case, which you can also download for future reference.


11.Document Translator:

Welcome to another explainer about amazing tools available at ADVOCASE.

This presentation guides you on how to translate any document into English with just 4 simple steps.

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start translating your document.

Finally, you can see the translated document. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



12.Search Law:

Welcome to another explainer about amazing tools available at ADVOCASE.

This presentation guides you on how to search any law with just 3 simple steps.

First Step is to describe your query.

Then our system will start searching the law's.

Finally, you can see the law's that applicable for your query. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.



13.legal dictionary:

First Step is to type a legal term to access detailed definitions and related legal concepts.

Then our system will start searching.

Finally, you can see the detailed definitions and related legal concepts. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.


14.Document Analysis:

First Step is to upload your document in any format and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start processing your document.

Finally, you can see the complete document analysis in various steps. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.


15.Legal Drafter:

First step is to provide the context of your case and proceed. 

After you accept the credit deduction, Our AI system will analyze the provided context.

Now our system asks you to confirm the analysis results.

Select the type of document you need to draft and upload your case files.

Next, our system will analyze and process the uploaded file accordingly.

Then, select the reference statement that best fits your needs.

Upload any reference documents if you have, or use our system to generate references.

Now select the reference documents that was generated by our AI system.

You need to chat with our system and answer some questions about the document and you can skip after answering 5 questions.

Then our system will perform the final processing based on your chat.

Finally, you can see the Drafted document. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.


16.Ai lawyers:

Welcome to another explainer about amazing tools available at ADVOCASE.

This presentation guides you on how to Chat with Ai Lawyers with just 3 simple steps.

First Step is Select our specialized AI Lawyer related to your Query.

Please begin a new chat to start your session.

Finally, now you can type in your legal question and get immediate, precise answers from our AI lawyer. 


17.legal Argument Generator:

First Step is to write your query and then proceed.

Our AI system will quickly analyzes your query and shows you the analysis result.

After you verify the analysis result, just click continue.

Next, upload all the required documents.

Our AI system will quickly process your documents.

Now upload the required Issue document and proceed.

Our system will analyze and process your document and start generating argument.

Finally, your argument will be generated and you can download it to your device for future references.


18.Document Issue Spotter:

First Step is to upload your document in any format & proceed.

Our AI system will quickly review if the file is safe and meets the required conditions.

After you accept credit deduction, our system will start analyzing your document for legal issues.

Finally, you can see the identified issues categorized into three risk levels. And you can also download the same to your device for future reference.


19.Bail Application:

First step is to Enter your query or Upload a file in any format and click start		
 
Our AI system will quickly process your document.
 
Review the AI analysis Result and click "Continue" to proceed.
 
Select the generated Bail Application Draft and click "Continue" then our system will process it.

After choosing your draft, you have to answer some quick questions to provide more information about your case.	
 
After answering the questions, our AI system will process your information.
 
Finally, your Bail Application is ready and you can download it to your device for future reference.


20. search judgement:

Describe the judgement you want

Select number of Judgements you want and Enter your role and proceed.

Our AI system will quickly process your query and search for judgements.
